Introduce SPDPoint (#515)
JuliaManifolds/Manifolds.jl: docs/src/manifolds/symmetricpositivedefinite.md

Filter = t -> t === mean
```

## Efficient representation

When a point `p` is used in several occasions, it might be beneficial to store the eigenvalues

> and vectors of `p` and eventually/optionally ist square root and the inverse of the square root.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and vectors of `p` and optionally its square root and the inverse of the square root.
```
